Create TABLE galspecindx (
specobjid LongType,
lick_cn1 DoubleType,
lick_cn1_err DoubleType,
lick_cn1_model DoubleType,
lick_cn1_sub DoubleType,
lick_cn1_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_cn2 DoubleType,
lick_cn2_err DoubleType,
lick_cn2_model DoubleType,
lick_cn2_sub DoubleType,
lick_cn2_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_ca4227 DoubleType,
lick_ca4227_err DoubleType,
lick_ca4227_model DoubleType,
lick_ca4227_sub DoubleType,
lick_ca4227_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_g4300 DoubleType,
lick_g4300_err DoubleType,
lick_g4300_model DoubleType,
lick_g4300_sub DoubleType,
lick_g4300_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe4383 DoubleType,
lick_fe4383_err DoubleType,
lick_fe4383_model DoubleType,
lick_fe4383_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe4383_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_ca4455 DoubleType,
lick_ca4455_err DoubleType,
lick_ca4455_model DoubleType,
lick_ca4455_sub DoubleType,
lick_ca4455_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe4531 DoubleType,
lick_fe4531_err DoubleType,
lick_fe4531_model DoubleType,
lick_fe4531_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe4531_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_c4668 DoubleType,
lick_c4668_err DoubleType,
lick_c4668_model DoubleType,
lick_c4668_sub DoubleType,
lick_c4668_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_hb DoubleType,
lick_hb_err DoubleType,
lick_hb_model DoubleType,
lick_hb_sub DoubleType,
lick_hb_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5015 DoubleType,
lick_fe5015_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5015_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5015_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5015_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_mg1 DoubleType,
lick_mg1_err DoubleType,
lick_mg1_model DoubleType,
lick_mg1_sub DoubleType,
lick_mg1_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_mg2 DoubleType,
lick_mg2_err DoubleType,
lick_mg2_model DoubleType,
lick_mg2_sub DoubleType,
lick_mg2_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_mgb DoubleType,
lick_mgb_err DoubleType,
lick_mgb_model DoubleType,
lick_mgb_sub DoubleType,
lick_mgb_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5270 DoubleType,
lick_fe5270_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5270_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5270_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5270_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5335 DoubleType,
lick_fe5335_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5335_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5335_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5335_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5406 DoubleType,
lick_fe5406_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5406_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5406_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5406_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5709 DoubleType,
lick_fe5709_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5709_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5709_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5709_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5782 DoubleType,
lick_fe5782_err DoubleType,
lick_fe5782_model DoubleType,
lick_fe5782_sub DoubleType,
lick_fe5782_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_nad DoubleType,
lick_nad_err DoubleType,
lick_nad_model DoubleType,
lick_nad_sub DoubleType,
lick_nad_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_tio1 DoubleType,
lick_tio1_err DoubleType,
lick_tio1_model DoubleType,
lick_tio1_sub DoubleType,
lick_tio1_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_tio2 DoubleType,
lick_tio2_err DoubleType,
lick_tio2_model DoubleType,
lick_tio2_sub DoubleType,
lick_tio2_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_hd_a DoubleType,
lick_hd_a_err DoubleType,
lick_hd_a_model DoubleType,
lick_hd_a_sub DoubleType,
lick_hd_a_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_hg_a DoubleType,
lick_hg_a_err DoubleType,
lick_hg_a_model DoubleType,
lick_hg_a_sub DoubleType,
lick_hg_a_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_hd_f DoubleType,
lick_hd_f_err DoubleType,
lick_hd_f_model DoubleType,
lick_hd_f_sub DoubleType,
lick_hd_f_sub_err DoubleType,
lick_hg_f DoubleType,
lick_hg_f_err DoubleType,
lick_hg_f_model DoubleType,
lick_hg_f_sub DoubleType,
lick_hg_f_sub_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8498 DoubleType,
dtt_caii8498_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8498_model DoubleType,
dtt_caii8498_sub DoubleType,
dtt_caii8498_sub_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8542 DoubleType,
dtt_caii8542_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8542_model DoubleType,
dtt_caii8542_sub DoubleType,
dtt_caii8542_sub_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8662 DoubleType,
dtt_caii8662_err DoubleType,
dtt_caii8662_model DoubleType,
dtt_caii8662_sub DoubleType,
dtt_caii8662_sub_err DoubleType,
dtt_mgi8807 DoubleType,
dtt_mgi8807_err DoubleType,
dtt_mgi8807_model DoubleType,
dtt_mgi8807_sub DoubleType,
dtt_mgi8807_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_cnb DoubleType,
bh_cnb_err DoubleType,
bh_cnb_model DoubleType,
bh_cnb_sub DoubleType,
bh_cnb_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_hk DoubleType,
bh_hk_err DoubleType,
bh_hk_model DoubleType,
bh_hk_sub DoubleType,
bh_hk_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_cai DoubleType,
bh_cai_err DoubleType,
bh_cai_model DoubleType,
bh_cai_sub DoubleType,
bh_cai_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_g DoubleType,
bh_g_err DoubleType,
bh_g_model DoubleType,
bh_g_sub DoubleType,
bh_g_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_hb DoubleType,
bh_hb_err DoubleType,
bh_hb_model DoubleType,
bh_hb_sub DoubleType,
bh_hb_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_mgg DoubleType,
bh_mgg_err DoubleType,
bh_mgg_model DoubleType,
bh_mgg_sub DoubleType,
bh_mgg_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_mh DoubleType,
bh_mh_err DoubleType,
bh_mh_model DoubleType,
bh_mh_sub DoubleType,
bh_mh_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_fc DoubleType,
bh_fc_err DoubleType,
bh_fc_model DoubleType,
bh_fc_sub DoubleType,
bh_fc_sub_err DoubleType,
bh_nad DoubleType,
bh_nad_err DoubleType,
bh_nad_model DoubleType,
bh_nad_sub DoubleType,
bh_nad_sub_err DoubleType,
d4000 DoubleType,
d4000_err DoubleType,
d4000_model DoubleType,
d4000_sub DoubleType,
d4000_sub_err DoubleType,
d4000_n DoubleType,
d4000_n_err DoubleType,
d4000_n_model DoubleType,
d4000_n_sub DoubleType,
d4000_n_sub_err DoubleType,
d4000_red DoubleType,
d4000_blue DoubleType,
d4000_n_red DoubleType,
d4000_n_blue DoubleType,
d4000_sub_red DoubleType,
d4000_sub_blue DoubleType,
d4000_n_sub_red DoubleType,
d4000_n_sub_blue DoubleType,
tauv_model_040 DoubleType,
model_coef_040 DoubleType,
model_chisq_040 DoubleType,
tauv_model_080 DoubleType,
model_coef_080 DoubleType,
model_chisq_080 DoubleType,
tauv_model_170 DoubleType,
model_coef_170 DoubleType,
model_chisq_170 DoubleType,
tauv_model_400 DoubleType,
model_coef_400 DoubleType,
model_chisq_400 DoubleType,
best_model_z DoubleType,
tauv_cont DoubleType,
model_coef DoubleType,
model_chisq DoubleType,
);