Create TABLE galspecextra (
specobjid LongType,
bptclass IntegerType,
oh_p2p5 DoubleType,
oh_p16 DoubleType,
oh_p50 DoubleType,
oh_p84 DoubleType,
oh_p97p5 DoubleType,
oh_entropy DoubleType,
lgm_tot_p2p5 DoubleType,
lgm_tot_p16 DoubleType,
lgm_tot_p50 DoubleType,
lgm_tot_p84 DoubleType,
lgm_tot_p97p5 DoubleType,
lgm_fib_p2p5 DoubleType,
lgm_fib_p16 DoubleType,
lgm_fib_p50 DoubleType,
lgm_fib_p84 DoubleType,
lgm_fib_p97p5 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_p2p5 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_p16 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_p50 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_p84 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_p97p5 DoubleType,
sfr_tot_entropy DoubleType,
sfr_fib_p2p5 DoubleType,
sfr_fib_p16 DoubleType,
sfr_fib_p50 DoubleType,
sfr_fib_p84 DoubleType,
sfr_fib_p97p5 DoubleType,
sfr_fib_entropy DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_p2p5 DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_p16 DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_p50 DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_p84 DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_p97p5 DoubleType,
specsfr_tot_entropy DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_p2p5 DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_p16 DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_p50 DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_p84 DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_p97p5 DoubleType,
specsfr_fib_entropy DoubleType,
);