Create TABLE nsatlas (
nsaid IntegerType,
iauname StringType,
subdir StringType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
isdss IntegerType,
ined IntegerType,
isixdf IntegerType,
ialfalfa IntegerType,
izcat IntegerType,
itwodf IntegerType,
mag DoubleType,
z DoubleType,
zsrc StringType,
size DoubleType,
run IntegerType,
camcol IntegerType,
field IntegerType,
rerun IntegerType,
xpos DoubleType,
ypos DoubleType,
zdist DoubleType,
plate IntegerType,
fiberid IntegerType,
mjd IntegerType,
racat DoubleType,
deccat DoubleType,
survey StringType,
programname StringType,
platequality StringType,
tile IntegerType,
plug_ra DoubleType,
plug_dec DoubleType,
in_dr7_lss IntegerType,
elpetro_ba DoubleType,
elpetro_phi DoubleType,
elpetro_theta DoubleType,
elpetro_theta_r_original DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_f DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_n DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_u DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_g DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_r DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_i DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_z DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_r_original DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_f DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_n DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_u DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_g DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_r DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_i DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_z DoubleType,
elpetro_flux_ivar_r_original DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_f DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_n DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_u DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_g DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_r DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_i DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_z DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_f DoubleType,
elpetro_th50_r_original DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_n DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_u DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_g DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_r DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_i DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_z DoubleType,
elpetro_th90_r_original DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_f DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_n DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_u DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_g DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_r DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_i DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_z DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_f DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_n DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_u DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_g DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_r DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_i DoubleType,
elpetro_nmgy_ivar_z DoubleType,
elpetro_ok IntegerType,
elpetro_rnmgy_f DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_n DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_u DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_g DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_r DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_i DoubleType,
elpetro_rnmgy_z DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_f DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_n DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_u DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_g DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_r DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_i DoubleType,
elpetro_absmag_z DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_f DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_n DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_u DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_g DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_r DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_i DoubleType,
elpetro_amivar_z DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_f DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_n DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_u DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_g DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_r DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_i DoubleType,
elpetro_kcorrect_z DoubleType,
elpetro_kcoeff_0 DoubleType,
elpetro_kcoeff_1 DoubleType,
elpetro_kcoeff_2 DoubleType,
elpetro_kcoeff_3 DoubleType,
elpetro_kcoeff_4 DoubleType,
elpetro_mass DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_f DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_n DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_u DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_g DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_r DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_i DoubleType,
elpetro_mtol_z DoubleType,
elpetro_b300 DoubleType,
elpetro_b1000 DoubleType,
elpetro_mets DoubleType,
petro_theta DoubleType,
petro_th50 DoubleType,
petro_th90 DoubleType,
petro_ba50 DoubleType,
petro_phi50 DoubleType,
petro_ba90 DoubleType,
petro_phi90 DoubleType,
petro_flux_f DoubleType,
petro_flux_n DoubleType,
petro_flux_u DoubleType,
petro_flux_g DoubleType,
petro_flux_r DoubleType,
petro_flux_i DoubleType,
petro_flux_z DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_f DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_n DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_u DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_g DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_r DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_i DoubleType,
petro_flux_ivar_z DoubleType,
fiber_flux_f DoubleType,
fiber_flux_n DoubleType,
fiber_flux_u DoubleType,
fiber_flux_g DoubleType,
fiber_flux_r DoubleType,
fiber_flux_i DoubleType,
fiber_flux_z DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_f DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_n DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_u DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_g DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_r DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_i DoubleType,
fiber_flux_ivar_z DoubleType,
sersic_n DoubleType,
sersic_ba DoubleType,
sersic_phi DoubleType,
sersic_th50 DoubleType,
sersic_flux_f DoubleType,
sersic_flux_n DoubleType,
sersic_flux_u DoubleType,
sersic_flux_g DoubleType,
sersic_flux_r DoubleType,
sersic_flux_i DoubleType,
sersic_flux_z DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_f DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_n DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_u DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_g DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_r DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_i DoubleType,
sersic_flux_ivar_z DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_f DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_n DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_u DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_g DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_r DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_i DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_z DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_f DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_n DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_u DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_g DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_r DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_i DoubleType,
sersic_nmgy_ivar_z DoubleType,
sersic_ok IntegerType,
sersic_rnmgy_f DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_n DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_u DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_g DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_r DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_i DoubleType,
sersic_rnmgy_z DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_f DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_n DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_u DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_g DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_r DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_i DoubleType,
sersic_absmag_z DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_f DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_n DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_u DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_g DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_r DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_i DoubleType,
sersic_amivar_z DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_f DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_n DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_u DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_g DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_r DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_i DoubleType,
sersic_kcorrect_z DoubleType,
sersic_kcoeff_0 DoubleType,
sersic_kcoeff_1 DoubleType,
sersic_kcoeff_2 DoubleType,
sersic_kcoeff_3 DoubleType,
sersic_kcoeff_4 DoubleType,
sersic_mass DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_f DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_n DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_u DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_g DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_r DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_i DoubleType,
sersic_mtol_z DoubleType,
sersic_b300 DoubleType,
sersic_b1000 DoubleType,
sersic_mets DoubleType,
asymmetry_f DoubleType,
asymmetry_n DoubleType,
asymmetry_u DoubleType,
asymmetry_g DoubleType,
asymmetry_r DoubleType,
asymmetry_i DoubleType,
asymmetry_z DoubleType,
clumpy_f DoubleType,
clumpy_n DoubleType,
clumpy_u DoubleType,
clumpy_g DoubleType,
clumpy_r DoubleType,
clumpy_i DoubleType,
clumpy_z DoubleType,
extinction_f DoubleType,
extinction_n DoubleType,
extinction_u DoubleType,
extinction_g DoubleType,
extinction_r DoubleType,
extinction_i DoubleType,
extinction_z DoubleType,
aid IntegerType,
pid IntegerType,
xcen DoubleType,
ycen DoubleType,
dflags_f IntegerType,
dflags_n IntegerType,
dflags_u IntegerType,
dflags_g IntegerType,
dflags_r IntegerType,
dflags_i IntegerType,
dflags_z IntegerType,
dversion StringType,
);