Create TABLE photoobjall (
objid LongType,
skyversion IntegerType,
run IntegerType,
rerun IntegerType,
camcol IntegerType,
field IntegerType,
obj IntegerType,
mode IntegerType,
nchild IntegerType,
type IntegerType,
clean IntegerType,
probpsf IntegerType,
insidemask IntegerType,
flags LongType,
rowc DoubleType,
rowcerr DoubleType,
colc DoubleType,
colcerr DoubleType,
rowv DoubleType,
rowverr DoubleType,
colv DoubleType,
colverr DoubleType,
rowc_u DoubleType,
rowc_g DoubleType,
rowc_r DoubleType,
rowc_i DoubleType,
rowc_z DoubleType,
rowcerr_u DoubleType,
rowcerr_g DoubleType,
rowcerr_r DoubleType,
rowcerr_i DoubleType,
rowcerr_z DoubleType,
colc_u DoubleType,
colc_g DoubleType,
colc_r DoubleType,
colc_i DoubleType,
colc_z DoubleType,
colcerr_u DoubleType,
colcerr_g DoubleType,
colcerr_r DoubleType,
colcerr_i DoubleType,
colcerr_z DoubleType,
sky_u DoubleType,
sky_g DoubleType,
sky_r DoubleType,
sky_i DoubleType,
sky_z DoubleType,
skyivar_u DoubleType,
skyivar_g DoubleType,
skyivar_r DoubleType,
skyivar_i DoubleType,
skyivar_z DoubleType,
psfmag_u DoubleType,
psfmag_g DoubleType,
psfmag_r DoubleType,
psfmag_i DoubleType,
psfmag_z DoubleType,
psfmagerr_u DoubleType,
psfmagerr_g DoubleType,
psfmagerr_r DoubleType,
psfmagerr_i DoubleType,
psfmagerr_z DoubleType,
fibermag_u DoubleType,
fibermag_g DoubleType,
fibermag_r DoubleType,
fibermag_i DoubleType,
fibermag_z DoubleType,
fibermagerr_u DoubleType,
fibermagerr_g DoubleType,
fibermagerr_r DoubleType,
fibermagerr_i DoubleType,
fibermagerr_z DoubleType,
fiber2mag_u DoubleType,
fiber2mag_g DoubleType,
fiber2mag_r DoubleType,
fiber2mag_i DoubleType,
fiber2mag_z DoubleType,
fiber2magerr_u DoubleType,
fiber2magerr_g DoubleType,
fiber2magerr_r DoubleType,
fiber2magerr_i DoubleType,
fiber2magerr_z DoubleType,
petromag_u DoubleType,
petromag_g DoubleType,
petromag_r DoubleType,
petromag_i DoubleType,
petromag_z DoubleType,
petromagerr_u DoubleType,
petromagerr_g DoubleType,
petromagerr_r DoubleType,
petromagerr_i DoubleType,
petromagerr_z DoubleType,
psfflux_u DoubleType,
psfflux_g DoubleType,
psfflux_r DoubleType,
psfflux_i DoubleType,
psfflux_z DoubleType,
psffluxivar_u DoubleType,
psffluxivar_g DoubleType,
psffluxivar_r DoubleType,
psffluxivar_i DoubleType,
psffluxivar_z DoubleType,
fiberflux_u DoubleType,
fiberflux_g DoubleType,
fiberflux_r DoubleType,
fiberflux_i DoubleType,
fiberflux_z DoubleType,
fiberfluxivar_u DoubleType,
fiberfluxivar_g DoubleType,
fiberfluxivar_r DoubleType,
fiberfluxivar_i DoubleType,
fiberfluxivar_z DoubleType,
fiber2flux_u DoubleType,
fiber2flux_g DoubleType,
fiber2flux_r DoubleType,
fiber2flux_i DoubleType,
fiber2flux_z DoubleType,
fiber2fluxivar_u DoubleType,
fiber2fluxivar_g DoubleType,
fiber2fluxivar_r DoubleType,
fiber2fluxivar_i DoubleType,
fiber2fluxivar_z DoubleType,
petroflux_u DoubleType,
petroflux_g DoubleType,
petroflux_r DoubleType,
petroflux_i DoubleType,
petroflux_z DoubleType,
petrofluxivar_u DoubleType,
petrofluxivar_g DoubleType,
petrofluxivar_r DoubleType,
petrofluxivar_i DoubleType,
petrofluxivar_z DoubleType,
petrorad_u DoubleType,
petrorad_g DoubleType,
petrorad_r DoubleType,
petrorad_i DoubleType,
petrorad_z DoubleType,
petroraderr_u DoubleType,
petroraderr_g DoubleType,
petroraderr_r DoubleType,
petroraderr_i DoubleType,
petroraderr_z DoubleType,
petror50_u DoubleType,
petror50_g DoubleType,
petror50_r DoubleType,
petror50_i DoubleType,
petror50_z DoubleType,
petror50err_u DoubleType,
petror50err_g DoubleType,
petror50err_r DoubleType,
petror50err_i DoubleType,
petror50err_z DoubleType,
petror90_u DoubleType,
petror90_g DoubleType,
petror90_r DoubleType,
petror90_i DoubleType,
petror90_z DoubleType,
petror90err_u DoubleType,
petror90err_g DoubleType,
petror90err_r DoubleType,
petror90err_i DoubleType,
petror90err_z DoubleType,
q_u DoubleType,
q_g DoubleType,
q_r DoubleType,
q_i DoubleType,
q_z DoubleType,
qerr_u DoubleType,
qerr_g DoubleType,
qerr_r DoubleType,
qerr_i DoubleType,
qerr_z DoubleType,
u_u DoubleType,
u_g DoubleType,
u_r DoubleType,
u_i DoubleType,
u_z DoubleType,
uerr_u DoubleType,
uerr_g DoubleType,
uerr_r DoubleType,
uerr_i DoubleType,
uerr_z DoubleType,
me1_u DoubleType,
me1_g DoubleType,
me1_r DoubleType,
me1_i DoubleType,
me1_z DoubleType,
me2_u DoubleType,
me2_g DoubleType,
me2_r DoubleType,
me2_i DoubleType,
me2_z DoubleType,
me1e1err_u DoubleType,
me1e1err_g DoubleType,
me1e1err_r DoubleType,
me1e1err_i DoubleType,
me1e1err_z DoubleType,
me1e2err_u DoubleType,
me1e2err_g DoubleType,
me1e2err_r DoubleType,
me1e2err_i DoubleType,
me1e2err_z DoubleType,
me2e2err_u DoubleType,
me2e2err_g DoubleType,
me2e2err_r DoubleType,
me2e2err_i DoubleType,
me2e2err_z DoubleType,
mrrcc_u DoubleType,
mrrcc_g DoubleType,
mrrcc_r DoubleType,
mrrcc_i DoubleType,
mrrcc_z DoubleType,
mrrccerr_u DoubleType,
mrrccerr_g DoubleType,
mrrccerr_r DoubleType,
mrrccerr_i DoubleType,
mrrccerr_z DoubleType,
mcr4_u DoubleType,
mcr4_g DoubleType,
mcr4_r DoubleType,
mcr4_i DoubleType,
mcr4_z DoubleType,
me1psf_u DoubleType,
me1psf_g DoubleType,
me1psf_r DoubleType,
me1psf_i DoubleType,
me1psf_z DoubleType,
me2psf_u DoubleType,
me2psf_g DoubleType,
me2psf_r DoubleType,
me2psf_i DoubleType,
me2psf_z DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_u DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_g DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_r DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_i DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_z DoubleType,
mcr4psf_u DoubleType,
mcr4psf_g DoubleType,
mcr4psf_r DoubleType,
mcr4psf_i DoubleType,
mcr4psf_z DoubleType,
devrad_u DoubleType,
devrad_g DoubleType,
devrad_r DoubleType,
devrad_i DoubleType,
devrad_z DoubleType,
devraderr_u DoubleType,
devraderr_g DoubleType,
devraderr_r DoubleType,
devraderr_i DoubleType,
devraderr_z DoubleType,
devab_u DoubleType,
devab_g DoubleType,
devab_r DoubleType,
devab_i DoubleType,
devab_z DoubleType,
devaberr_u DoubleType,
devaberr_g DoubleType,
devaberr_r DoubleType,
devaberr_i DoubleType,
devaberr_z DoubleType,
devphi_u DoubleType,
devphi_g DoubleType,
devphi_r DoubleType,
devphi_i DoubleType,
devphi_z DoubleType,
devmag_u DoubleType,
devmag_g DoubleType,
devmag_r DoubleType,
devmag_i DoubleType,
devmag_z DoubleType,
devmagerr_u DoubleType,
devmagerr_g DoubleType,
devmagerr_r DoubleType,
devmagerr_i DoubleType,
devmagerr_z DoubleType,
devflux_u DoubleType,
devflux_g DoubleType,
devflux_r DoubleType,
devflux_i DoubleType,
devflux_z DoubleType,
devfluxivar_u DoubleType,
devfluxivar_g DoubleType,
devfluxivar_r DoubleType,
devfluxivar_i DoubleType,
devfluxivar_z DoubleType,
exprad_u DoubleType,
exprad_g DoubleType,
exprad_r DoubleType,
exprad_i DoubleType,
exprad_z DoubleType,
expraderr_u DoubleType,
expraderr_g DoubleType,
expraderr_r DoubleType,
expraderr_i DoubleType,
expraderr_z DoubleType,
expab_u DoubleType,
expab_g DoubleType,
expab_r DoubleType,
expab_i DoubleType,
expab_z DoubleType,
expaberr_u DoubleType,
expaberr_g DoubleType,
expaberr_r DoubleType,
expaberr_i DoubleType,
expaberr_z DoubleType,
expphi_u DoubleType,
expphi_g DoubleType,
expphi_r DoubleType,
expphi_i DoubleType,
expphi_z DoubleType,
expmag_u DoubleType,
expmag_g DoubleType,
expmag_r DoubleType,
expmag_i DoubleType,
expmag_z DoubleType,
expmagerr_u DoubleType,
expmagerr_g DoubleType,
expmagerr_r DoubleType,
expmagerr_i DoubleType,
expmagerr_z DoubleType,
modelmag_u DoubleType,
modelmag_g DoubleType,
modelmag_r DoubleType,
modelmag_i DoubleType,
modelmag_z DoubleType,
modelmagerr_u DoubleType,
modelmagerr_g DoubleType,
modelmagerr_r DoubleType,
modelmagerr_i DoubleType,
modelmagerr_z DoubleType,
cmodelmag_u DoubleType,
cmodelmag_g DoubleType,
cmodelmag_r DoubleType,
cmodelmag_i DoubleType,
cmodelmag_z DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_u DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_g DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_r DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_i DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_z DoubleType,
expflux_u DoubleType,
expflux_g DoubleType,
expflux_r DoubleType,
expflux_i DoubleType,
expflux_z DoubleType,
expfluxivar_u DoubleType,
expfluxivar_g DoubleType,
expfluxivar_r DoubleType,
expfluxivar_i DoubleType,
expfluxivar_z DoubleType,
modelflux_u DoubleType,
modelflux_g DoubleType,
modelflux_r DoubleType,
modelflux_i DoubleType,
modelflux_z DoubleType,
modelfluxivar_u DoubleType,
modelfluxivar_g DoubleType,
modelfluxivar_r DoubleType,
modelfluxivar_i DoubleType,
modelfluxivar_z DoubleType,
cmodelflux_u DoubleType,
cmodelflux_g DoubleType,
cmodelflux_r DoubleType,
cmodelflux_i DoubleType,
cmodelflux_z DoubleType,
cmodelfluxivar_u DoubleType,
cmodelfluxivar_g DoubleType,
cmodelfluxivar_r DoubleType,
cmodelfluxivar_i DoubleType,
cmodelfluxivar_z DoubleType,
aperflux7_u DoubleType,
aperflux7_g DoubleType,
aperflux7_r DoubleType,
aperflux7_i DoubleType,
aperflux7_z DoubleType,
aperflux7ivar_u DoubleType,
aperflux7ivar_g DoubleType,
aperflux7ivar_r DoubleType,
aperflux7ivar_i DoubleType,
aperflux7ivar_z DoubleType,
lnlstar_u DoubleType,
lnlstar_g DoubleType,
lnlstar_r DoubleType,
lnlstar_i DoubleType,
lnlstar_z DoubleType,
lnlexp_u DoubleType,
lnlexp_g DoubleType,
lnlexp_r DoubleType,
lnlexp_i DoubleType,
lnlexp_z DoubleType,
lnldev_u DoubleType,
lnldev_g DoubleType,
lnldev_r DoubleType,
lnldev_i DoubleType,
lnldev_z DoubleType,
fracdev_u DoubleType,
fracdev_g DoubleType,
fracdev_r DoubleType,
fracdev_i DoubleType,
fracdev_z DoubleType,
flags_u LongType,
flags_g LongType,
flags_r LongType,
flags_i LongType,
flags_z LongType,
type_u IntegerType,
type_g IntegerType,
type_r IntegerType,
type_i IntegerType,
type_z IntegerType,
probpsf_u IntegerType,
probpsf_g IntegerType,
probpsf_r IntegerType,
probpsf_i IntegerType,
probpsf_z IntegerType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
cx DoubleType,
cy DoubleType,
cz DoubleType,
raerr DoubleType,
decerr DoubleType,
b DoubleType,
l DoubleType,
offsetra_u DoubleType,
offsetra_g DoubleType,
offsetra_r DoubleType,
offsetra_i DoubleType,
offsetra_z DoubleType,
offsetdec_u DoubleType,
offsetdec_g DoubleType,
offsetdec_r DoubleType,
offsetdec_i DoubleType,
offsetdec_z DoubleType,
extinction_u DoubleType,
extinction_g DoubleType,
extinction_r DoubleType,
extinction_i DoubleType,
extinction_z DoubleType,
psffwhm_u DoubleType,
psffwhm_g DoubleType,
psffwhm_r DoubleType,
psffwhm_i DoubleType,
psffwhm_z DoubleType,
mjd IntegerType,
airmass_u DoubleType,
airmass_g DoubleType,
airmass_r DoubleType,
airmass_i DoubleType,
airmass_z DoubleType,
phioffset_u DoubleType,
phioffset_g DoubleType,
phioffset_r DoubleType,
phioffset_i DoubleType,
phioffset_z DoubleType,
nprof_u IntegerType,
nprof_g IntegerType,
nprof_r IntegerType,
nprof_i IntegerType,
nprof_z IntegerType,
loadversion IntegerType,
htmid LongType,
fieldid LongType,
parentid LongType,
specobjid LongType,
u DoubleType,
g DoubleType,
r DoubleType,
i DoubleType,
z DoubleType,
err_u DoubleType,
err_g DoubleType,
err_r DoubleType,
err_i DoubleType,
err_z DoubleType,
dered_u DoubleType,
dered_g DoubleType,
dered_r DoubleType,
dered_i DoubleType,
dered_z DoubleType,
cloudcam_u IntegerType,
cloudcam_g IntegerType,
cloudcam_r IntegerType,
cloudcam_i IntegerType,
cloudcam_z IntegerType,
resolvestatus IntegerType,
thingid IntegerType,
balkanid IntegerType,
nobserve IntegerType,
ndetect IntegerType,
nedge IntegerType,
score DoubleType,
calibstatus_u IntegerType,
calibstatus_g IntegerType,
calibstatus_r IntegerType,
calibstatus_i IntegerType,
calibstatus_z IntegerType,
nmgypercount_u DoubleType,
nmgypercount_g DoubleType,
nmgypercount_r DoubleType,
nmgypercount_i DoubleType,
nmgypercount_z DoubleType,
tai_u DoubleType,
tai_g DoubleType,
tai_r DoubleType,
tai_i DoubleType,
tai_z DoubleType,
);