Create TABLE phototag (
objid LongType,
skyversion IntegerType,
run IntegerType,
rerun IntegerType,
camcol IntegerType,
field IntegerType,
obj IntegerType,
mode IntegerType,
nchild IntegerType,
type IntegerType,
clean IntegerType,
probpsf IntegerType,
insidemask IntegerType,
flags LongType,
flags_u LongType,
flags_g LongType,
flags_r LongType,
flags_i LongType,
flags_z LongType,
psfmag_u DoubleType,
psfmag_g DoubleType,
psfmag_r DoubleType,
psfmag_i DoubleType,
psfmag_z DoubleType,
psfmagerr_u DoubleType,
psfmagerr_g DoubleType,
psfmagerr_r DoubleType,
psfmagerr_i DoubleType,
psfmagerr_z DoubleType,
petromag_u DoubleType,
petromag_g DoubleType,
petromag_r DoubleType,
petromag_i DoubleType,
petromag_z DoubleType,
petromagerr_u DoubleType,
petromagerr_g DoubleType,
petromagerr_r DoubleType,
petromagerr_i DoubleType,
petromagerr_z DoubleType,
petror50_r DoubleType,
petror90_r DoubleType,
modelmag_u DoubleType,
modelmag_g DoubleType,
modelmag_r DoubleType,
modelmag_i DoubleType,
modelmag_z DoubleType,
modelmagerr_u DoubleType,
modelmagerr_g DoubleType,
modelmagerr_r DoubleType,
modelmagerr_i DoubleType,
modelmagerr_z DoubleType,
cmodelmag_u DoubleType,
cmodelmag_g DoubleType,
cmodelmag_r DoubleType,
cmodelmag_i DoubleType,
cmodelmag_z DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_u DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_g DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_r DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_i DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_z DoubleType,
mrrcc_r DoubleType,
mrrccerr_r DoubleType,
mrrccpsf_r DoubleType,
fracdev_u DoubleType,
fracdev_g DoubleType,
fracdev_r DoubleType,
fracdev_i DoubleType,
fracdev_z DoubleType,
psffwhm_u DoubleType,
psffwhm_g DoubleType,
psffwhm_r DoubleType,
psffwhm_i DoubleType,
psffwhm_z DoubleType,
resolvestatus IntegerType,
thingid IntegerType,
balkanid IntegerType,
nobserve IntegerType,
ndetect IntegerType,
calibstatus_u IntegerType,
calibstatus_g IntegerType,
calibstatus_r IntegerType,
calibstatus_i IntegerType,
calibstatus_z IntegerType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
cx DoubleType,
cy DoubleType,
cz DoubleType,
extinction_u DoubleType,
extinction_g DoubleType,
extinction_r DoubleType,
extinction_i DoubleType,
extinction_z DoubleType,
htmid LongType,
fieldid LongType,
specobjid LongType,
size DoubleType,
);