Create TABLE photoobjdr7 (
dr7objid StringType,
dr8objid StringType,
distance StringType,
modedr7 StringType,
modedr8 StringType,
skyversion StringType,
run StringType,
rerun StringType,
camcol StringType,
field StringType,
obj StringType,
nchild StringType,
type StringType,
probpsf StringType,
insidemask StringType,
flags StringType,
psfmag_u StringType,
psfmag_g StringType,
psfmag_r StringType,
psfmag_i StringType,
psfmag_z StringType,
psfmagerr_u StringType,
psfmagerr_g StringType,
psfmagerr_r StringType,
psfmagerr_i StringType,
psfmagerr_z StringType,
petromag_u StringType,
petromag_g StringType,
petromag_r StringType,
petromag_i StringType,
petromag_z StringType,
petromagerr_u StringType,
petromagerr_g StringType,
petromagerr_r StringType,
petromagerr_i StringType,
petromagerr_z StringType,
petror50_r StringType,
petror90_r StringType,
modelmag_u StringType,
modelmag_g StringType,
modelmag_r StringType,
modelmag_i StringType,
modelmag_z StringType,
modelmagerr_u StringType,
modelmagerr_g StringType,
modelmagerr_r StringType,
modelmagerr_i StringType,
modelmagerr_z StringType,
mrrcc_r StringType,
mrrccerr_r StringType,
lnlstar_r StringType,
lnlexp_r StringType,
lnldev_r StringType,
status StringType,
ra StringType,
dec StringType,
cx StringType,
cy StringType,
cz StringType,
primtarget StringType,
sectarget StringType,
extinction_u StringType,
extinction_g StringType,
extinction_r StringType,
extinction_i StringType,
extinction_z StringType,
htmid StringType,
fieldid StringType,
specobjid StringType,
size StringType,
);