Create TABLE platex (
plateid StringType,
firstrelease StringType,
plate StringType,
mjd StringType,
mjdlist StringType,
survey StringType,
programname StringType,
instrument StringType,
chunk StringType,
platerun StringType,
designcomments StringType,
platequality StringType,
qualitycomments StringType,
platesn2 StringType,
deredsn2 StringType,
ra StringType,
dec StringType,
run2d StringType,
run1d StringType,
runsspp StringType,
tile StringType,
designid StringType,
locationid StringType,
iopversion StringType,
camversion StringType,
taihms StringType,
dateobs StringType,
timesys StringType,
cx StringType,
cy StringType,
cz StringType,
cartridgeid StringType,
tai StringType,
taibegin StringType,
taiend StringType,
airmass StringType,
mapmjd StringType,
mapname StringType,
plugfile StringType,
exptime StringType,
exptimeb1 StringType,
exptimeb2 StringType,
exptimer1 StringType,
exptimer2 StringType,
vers2d StringType,
verscomb StringType,
vers1d StringType,
snturnoff StringType,
nturnoff StringType,
nexp StringType,
nexpb1 StringType,
nexpb2 StringType,
nexpr1 StringType,
nexpr2 StringType,
sn1_g StringType,
sn1_r StringType,
sn1_i StringType,
sn2_g StringType,
sn2_r StringType,
sn2_i StringType,
dered_sn1_g StringType,
dered_sn1_r StringType,
dered_sn1_i StringType,
dered_sn2_g StringType,
dered_sn2_r StringType,
dered_sn2_i StringType,
heliorv StringType,
goffstd StringType,
grmsstd StringType,
roffstd StringType,
rrmsstd StringType,
ioffstd StringType,
irmsstd StringType,
groffstd StringType,
grrmsstd StringType,
rioffstd StringType,
rirmsstd StringType,
goffgal StringType,
grmsgal StringType,
roffgal StringType,
rrmsgal StringType,
ioffgal StringType,
irmsgal StringType,
groffgal StringType,
grrmsgal StringType,
rioffgal StringType,
rirmsgal StringType,
nguide StringType,
seeing20 StringType,
seeing50 StringType,
seeing80 StringType,
rmsoff20 StringType,
rmsoff50 StringType,
rmsoff80 StringType,
airtemp StringType,
sfd_used StringType,
xsigma StringType,
xsigmin StringType,
xsigmax StringType,
wsigma StringType,
wsigmin StringType,
wsigmax StringType,
xchi2 StringType,
xchi2min StringType,
xchi2max StringType,
skychi2 StringType,
skychi2min StringType,
skychi2max StringType,
fbadpix StringType,
fbadpix1 StringType,
fbadpix2 StringType,
status2d StringType,
statuscombine StringType,
status1d StringType,
ntotal StringType,
ngalaxy StringType,
nqso StringType,
nstar StringType,
nsky StringType,
nunknown StringType,
isbest StringType,
isprimary StringType,
istile StringType,
ha StringType,
mjddesign StringType,
theta StringType,
fscanversion StringType,
fmapversion StringType,
fscanmode StringType,
fscanspeed StringType,
htmid StringType,
loadversion StringType,
);