Create TABLE specphotoall (
specobjid DecimalType(20,0),
mjd IntegerType,
plate IntegerType,
tile IntegerType,
fiberid IntegerType,
z DoubleType,
zerr DoubleType,
class StringType,
subclass StringType,
zwarning IntegerType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
cx DoubleType,
cy DoubleType,
cz DoubleType,
htmid LongType,
scienceprimary IntegerType,
legacyprimary IntegerType,
segueprimary IntegerType,
segue1primary IntegerType,
segue2primary IntegerType,
bossprimary IntegerType,
sdssprimary IntegerType,
survey StringType,
programname StringType,
legacy_target1 IntegerType,
legacy_target2 IntegerType,
special_target1 LongType,
special_target2 IntegerType,
segue1_target1 IntegerType,
segue1_target2 IntegerType,
segue2_target1 IntegerType,
segue2_target2 IntegerType,
boss_target1 LongType,
ancillary_target1 LongType,
ancillary_target2 LongType,
plateid DecimalType(20,0),
sourcetype StringType,
targetobjid LongType,
objid LongType,
skyversion IntegerType,
run IntegerType,
rerun IntegerType,
camcol IntegerType,
field IntegerType,
obj IntegerType,
mode IntegerType,
nchild IntegerType,
type IntegerType,
flags LongType,
psfmag_u DoubleType,
psfmag_g DoubleType,
psfmag_r DoubleType,
psfmag_i DoubleType,
psfmag_z DoubleType,
psfmagerr_u DoubleType,
psfmagerr_g DoubleType,
psfmagerr_r DoubleType,
psfmagerr_i DoubleType,
psfmagerr_z DoubleType,
fibermag_u DoubleType,
fibermag_g DoubleType,
fibermag_r DoubleType,
fibermag_i DoubleType,
fibermag_z DoubleType,
fibermagerr_u DoubleType,
fibermagerr_g DoubleType,
fibermagerr_r DoubleType,
fibermagerr_i DoubleType,
fibermagerr_z DoubleType,
petromag_u DoubleType,
petromag_g DoubleType,
petromag_r DoubleType,
petromag_i DoubleType,
petromag_z DoubleType,
petromagerr_u DoubleType,
petromagerr_g DoubleType,
petromagerr_r DoubleType,
petromagerr_i DoubleType,
petromagerr_z DoubleType,
modelmag_u DoubleType,
modelmag_g DoubleType,
modelmag_r DoubleType,
modelmag_i DoubleType,
modelmag_z DoubleType,
modelmagerr_u DoubleType,
modelmagerr_g DoubleType,
modelmagerr_r DoubleType,
modelmagerr_i DoubleType,
modelmagerr_z DoubleType,
cmodelmag_u DoubleType,
cmodelmag_g DoubleType,
cmodelmag_r DoubleType,
cmodelmag_i DoubleType,
cmodelmag_z DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_u DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_g DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_r DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_i DoubleType,
cmodelmagerr_z DoubleType,
mrrcc_r DoubleType,
mrrccerr_r DoubleType,
score DoubleType,
resolvestatus IntegerType,
calibstatus_u IntegerType,
calibstatus_g IntegerType,
calibstatus_r IntegerType,
calibstatus_i IntegerType,
calibstatus_z IntegerType,
photora DoubleType,
photodec DoubleType,
extinction_u DoubleType,
extinction_g DoubleType,
extinction_r DoubleType,
extinction_i DoubleType,
extinction_z DoubleType,
fieldid LongType,
dered_u DoubleType,
dered_g DoubleType,
dered_r DoubleType,
dered_i DoubleType,
dered_z DoubleType,
);