Create TABLE spplines (
specobjid LongType,
bestobjid LongType,
targetobjid LongType,
scienceprimary IntegerType,
legacyprimary IntegerType,
segueprimary IntegerType,
plate IntegerType,
mjd IntegerType,
fiber IntegerType,
run2d IntegerType,
run1d StringType,
runsspp IntegerType,
h83side DoubleType,
h83cont DoubleType,
h83err DoubleType,
h83mask IntegerType,
h812side DoubleType,
h812cont DoubleType,
h812err DoubleType,
h812mask IntegerType,
h824side DoubleType,
h824cont DoubleType,
h824err DoubleType,
h824mask IntegerType,
h848side DoubleType,
h848cont DoubleType,
h848err DoubleType,
h848mask IntegerType,
kp12side DoubleType,
kp12cont DoubleType,
kp12err DoubleType,
kp12mask IntegerType,
kp18side DoubleType,
kp18cont DoubleType,
kp18err DoubleType,
kp18mask IntegerType,
kp6side DoubleType,
kp6cont DoubleType,
kp6err DoubleType,
kp6mask IntegerType,
caiikside DoubleType,
caiikcont DoubleType,
caiikerr DoubleType,
caiikmask IntegerType,
caiihkside DoubleType,
caiihkcont DoubleType,
caiihkerr DoubleType,
caiihkmask IntegerType,
hepsside DoubleType,
hepscont DoubleType,
hepserr DoubleType,
hepsmask IntegerType,
kp16side DoubleType,
kp16cont DoubleType,
kp16err DoubleType,
kp16mask IntegerType,
srii1side DoubleType,
srii1cont DoubleType,
srii1err DoubleType,
srii1mask IntegerType,
hei121side DoubleType,
hei121cont DoubleType,
hei121err DoubleType,
hei121mask IntegerType,
hdelta12side DoubleType,
hdelta12cont DoubleType,
hdelta12err DoubleType,
hdelta12mask IntegerType,
hdelta24side DoubleType,
hdelta24cont DoubleType,
hdelta24err DoubleType,
hdelta24mask IntegerType,
hdelta48side DoubleType,
hdelta48cont DoubleType,
hdelta48err DoubleType,
hdelta48mask IntegerType,
hdeltaside DoubleType,
hdeltacont DoubleType,
hdeltaerr DoubleType,
hdeltamask IntegerType,
cai4side DoubleType,
cai4cont DoubleType,
cai4err DoubleType,
cai4mask IntegerType,
cai12side DoubleType,
cai12cont DoubleType,
cai12err DoubleType,
cai12mask IntegerType,
cai24side DoubleType,
cai24cont DoubleType,
cai24err DoubleType,
cai24mask IntegerType,
cai6side DoubleType,
cai6cont DoubleType,
cai6err DoubleType,
cai6mask IntegerType,
gside DoubleType,
gcont DoubleType,
gerr DoubleType,
gmask IntegerType,
hgamma12side DoubleType,
hgamma12cont DoubleType,
hgamma12err DoubleType,
hgamma12mask IntegerType,
hgamma24side DoubleType,
hgamma24cont DoubleType,
hgamma24err DoubleType,
hgamma24mask IntegerType,
hgamma48side DoubleType,
hgamma48cont DoubleType,
hgamma48err DoubleType,
hgamma48mask IntegerType,
hgammaside DoubleType,
hgammacont DoubleType,
hgammaerr DoubleType,
hgammamask IntegerType,
hei122side DoubleType,
hei122cont DoubleType,
hei122err DoubleType,
hei122mask IntegerType,
gblueside DoubleType,
gbluecont DoubleType,
gblueerr DoubleType,
gbluemask IntegerType,
gwholeside DoubleType,
gwholecont DoubleType,
gwholeerr DoubleType,
gwholemask IntegerType,
baside DoubleType,
bacont DoubleType,
baerr DoubleType,
bamask IntegerType,
c12c13side DoubleType,
c12c13cont DoubleType,
c12c13err DoubleType,
c12c13mask IntegerType,
cc12side DoubleType,
cc12cont DoubleType,
cc12err DoubleType,
cc12mask IntegerType,
metal1side DoubleType,
metal1cont DoubleType,
metal1err DoubleType,
metal1mask IntegerType,
hbeta12side DoubleType,
hbeta12cont DoubleType,
hbeta12err DoubleType,
hbeta12mask IntegerType,
hbeta24side DoubleType,
hbeta24cont DoubleType,
hbeta24err DoubleType,
hbeta24mask IntegerType,
hbeta48side DoubleType,
hbeta48cont DoubleType,
hbeta48err DoubleType,
hbeta48mask IntegerType,
hbetaside DoubleType,
hbetacont DoubleType,
hbetaerr DoubleType,
hbetamask IntegerType,
c2side DoubleType,
c2cont DoubleType,
c2err DoubleType,
c2mask IntegerType,
c2mgiside DoubleType,
c2mgicont DoubleType,
c2mgierr DoubleType,
c2mgimask IntegerType,
mghmgic2side DoubleType,
mghmgic2cont DoubleType,
mghmgic2err DoubleType,
mghmgic2mask IntegerType,
mghmgiside DoubleType,
mghmgicont DoubleType,
mghmgierr DoubleType,
mghmgimask IntegerType,
mghside DoubleType,
mghcont DoubleType,
mgherr DoubleType,
mghmask IntegerType,
criside DoubleType,
cricont DoubleType,
crierr DoubleType,
crimask IntegerType,
mgifeiiside DoubleType,
mgifeiicont DoubleType,
mgifeiierr DoubleType,
mgifeiimask IntegerType,
mgi2side DoubleType,
mgi2cont DoubleType,
mgi2err DoubleType,
mgi2mask IntegerType,
mgi121side DoubleType,
mgi121cont DoubleType,
mgi121err DoubleType,
mgi121mask IntegerType,
mgi24side DoubleType,
mgi24cont DoubleType,
mgi24err DoubleType,
mgi24mask IntegerType,
mgi122side DoubleType,
mgi122cont DoubleType,
mgi122err DoubleType,
mgi122mask IntegerType,
nai20side DoubleType,
nai20cont DoubleType,
nai20err DoubleType,
nai20mask IntegerType,
na12side DoubleType,
na12cont DoubleType,
na12err DoubleType,
na12mask IntegerType,
na24side DoubleType,
na24cont DoubleType,
na24err DoubleType,
na24mask IntegerType,
halpha12side DoubleType,
halpha12cont DoubleType,
halpha12err DoubleType,
halpha12mask IntegerType,
halpha24side DoubleType,
halpha24cont DoubleType,
halpha24err DoubleType,
halpha24mask IntegerType,
halpha48side DoubleType,
halpha48cont DoubleType,
halpha48err DoubleType,
halpha48mask IntegerType,
halpha70side DoubleType,
halpha70cont DoubleType,
halpha70err DoubleType,
halpha70mask IntegerType,
cahside DoubleType,
cahcont DoubleType,
caherr DoubleType,
cahmask IntegerType,
tioside DoubleType,
tiocont DoubleType,
tioerr DoubleType,
tiomask IntegerType,
cnside DoubleType,
cncont DoubleType,
cnerr DoubleType,
cnmask IntegerType,
oitripside DoubleType,
oitripcont DoubleType,
oitriperr DoubleType,
oitripmask IntegerType,
ki34side DoubleType,
ki34cont DoubleType,
ki34err DoubleType,
ki34mask IntegerType,
ki95side DoubleType,
ki95cont DoubleType,
ki95err DoubleType,
ki95mask IntegerType,
nai15side DoubleType,
nai15cont DoubleType,
nai15err DoubleType,
nai15mask IntegerType,
nairedside DoubleType,
nairedcont DoubleType,
nairederr DoubleType,
nairedmask IntegerType,
caii26side DoubleType,
caii26cont DoubleType,
caii26err DoubleType,
caii26mask IntegerType,
paschen13side DoubleType,
paschen13cont DoubleType,
paschen13err DoubleType,
paschen13mask IntegerType,
caii29side DoubleType,
caii29cont DoubleType,
caii29err DoubleType,
caii29mask IntegerType,
caii401side DoubleType,
caii401cont DoubleType,
caii401err DoubleType,
caii401mask IntegerType,
caii161side DoubleType,
caii161cont DoubleType,
caii161err DoubleType,
caii161mask IntegerType,
paschen421side DoubleType,
paschen421cont DoubleType,
paschen421err DoubleType,
paschen421mask IntegerType,
caii162side DoubleType,
caii162cont DoubleType,
caii162err DoubleType,
caii162mask IntegerType,
caii402side DoubleType,
caii402cont DoubleType,
caii402err DoubleType,
caii402mask IntegerType,
paschen422side DoubleType,
paschen422cont DoubleType,
paschen422err DoubleType,
paschen422mask IntegerType,
tio5side DoubleType,
tio5cont DoubleType,
tio5err DoubleType,
tio5mask IntegerType,
tio8side DoubleType,
tio8cont DoubleType,
tio8err DoubleType,
tio8mask IntegerType,
cah1side DoubleType,
cah1cont DoubleType,
cah1err DoubleType,
cah1mask IntegerType,
cah2side DoubleType,
cah2cont DoubleType,
cah2err DoubleType,
cah2mask IntegerType,
cah3side DoubleType,
cah3cont DoubleType,
cah3err DoubleType,
cah3mask IntegerType,
uvcnside DoubleType,
uvcncont DoubleType,
uvcnerr DoubleType,
uvcnmask IntegerType,
blcnside DoubleType,
blcncont DoubleType,
blcnerr DoubleType,
blcnmask IntegerType,
fei1side DoubleType,
fei1cont DoubleType,
fei1err DoubleType,
fei1mask IntegerType,
fei2side DoubleType,
fei2cont DoubleType,
fei2err DoubleType,
fei2mask IntegerType,
fei3side DoubleType,
fei3cont DoubleType,
fei3err DoubleType,
fei3mask IntegerType,
srii2side DoubleType,
srii2cont DoubleType,
srii2err DoubleType,
srii2mask IntegerType,
fei4side DoubleType,
fei4cont DoubleType,
fei4err DoubleType,
fei4mask IntegerType,
fei5side DoubleType,
fei5cont DoubleType,
fei5err DoubleType,
fei5mask IntegerType,
);