Create TABLE sppparams (
specobjid LongType,
bestobjid LongType,
fluxobjid LongType,
targetobjid LongType,
plateid LongType,
scienceprimary IntegerType,
legacyprimary IntegerType,
segueprimary IntegerType,
firstrelease StringType,
survey StringType,
programname StringType,
chunk StringType,
platerun StringType,
mjd IntegerType,
plate IntegerType,
fiberid IntegerType,
run2d IntegerType,
run1d StringType,
runsspp IntegerType,
targetstring StringType,
primtarget IntegerType,
sectarget IntegerType,
legacy_target1 IntegerType,
legacy_target2 IntegerType,
special_target1 IntegerType,
special_target2 IntegerType,
segue1_target1 IntegerType,
segue1_target2 IntegerType,
segue2_target1 IntegerType,
segue2_target2 IntegerType,
spectypehammer StringType,
spectypesubclass StringType,
flag StringType,
teffadop IntegerType,
teffadopn IntegerType,
teffadopunc IntegerType,
teffha24 DoubleType,
teffhd24 DoubleType,
teffngs1 IntegerType,
teffannsr DoubleType,
teffannrr DoubleType,
teffwbg IntegerType,
teffk24 IntegerType,
teffki13 IntegerType,
teffha24ind IntegerType,
teffhd24ind IntegerType,
teffngs1ind IntegerType,
teffannsrind IntegerType,
teffannrrind IntegerType,
teffwbgind IntegerType,
teffk24ind IntegerType,
teffki13ind IntegerType,
teffha24unc DoubleType,
teffhd24unc DoubleType,
teffngs1unc IntegerType,
teffannsrunc IntegerType,
teffannrrunc DoubleType,
teffwbgunc IntegerType,
teffk24unc IntegerType,
teffki13unc IntegerType,
loggadop IntegerType,
loggadopn IntegerType,
loggadopunc IntegerType,
loggngs2 IntegerType,
loggngs1 IntegerType,
loggannsr DoubleType,
loggannrr DoubleType,
loggcai1 IntegerType,
loggwbg IntegerType,
loggk24 IntegerType,
loggki13 IntegerType,
loggngs2ind IntegerType,
loggngs1ind IntegerType,
loggannsrind IntegerType,
loggannrrind IntegerType,
loggcai1ind IntegerType,
loggwbgind IntegerType,
loggk24ind IntegerType,
loggki13ind IntegerType,
loggngs2unc IntegerType,
loggngs1unc IntegerType,
loggannsrunc DoubleType,
loggannrrunc DoubleType,
loggcai1unc IntegerType,
loggwbgunc IntegerType,
loggk24unc IntegerType,
loggki13unc IntegerType,
fehadop IntegerType,
fehadopn IntegerType,
fehadopunc IntegerType,
fehngs2 IntegerType,
fehngs1 IntegerType,
fehannsr DoubleType,
fehannrr DoubleType,
fehcaiik1 IntegerType,
fehcaiik2 DoubleType,
fehcaiik3 DoubleType,
fehwbg IntegerType,
fehk24 IntegerType,
fehki13 IntegerType,
fehngs2ind IntegerType,
fehngs1ind IntegerType,
fehannsrind IntegerType,
fehannrrind IntegerType,
fehcaiik1ind IntegerType,
fehcaiik2ind IntegerType,
fehcaiik3ind IntegerType,
fehwbgind IntegerType,
fehk24ind IntegerType,
fehki13ind IntegerType,
fehngs2unc IntegerType,
fehngs1unc IntegerType,
fehannsrunc DoubleType,
fehannrrunc DoubleType,
fehcaiik1unc IntegerType,
fehcaiik2unc DoubleType,
fehcaiik3unc DoubleType,
fehwbgunc IntegerType,
fehk24unc IntegerType,
fehki13unc IntegerType,
snr DoubleType,
qa IntegerType,
cccahk IntegerType,
ccmgh IntegerType,
teffspec IntegerType,
teffspecn IntegerType,
teffspecunc IntegerType,
loggspec IntegerType,
loggspecn IntegerType,
loggspecunc IntegerType,
fehspec IntegerType,
fehspecn IntegerType,
fehspecunc IntegerType,
acf1 DoubleType,
acf1snr DoubleType,
acf2 DoubleType,
acf2snr DoubleType,
inspect StringType,
elodiervfinal IntegerType,
elodiervfinalerr IntegerType,
zwarning IntegerType,
teffirfm IntegerType,
teffirfmind IntegerType,
teffirfmunc IntegerType,
loggngs1irfm IntegerType,
loggngs1irfmind IntegerType,
loggngs1irfmunc IntegerType,
fehngs1irfm IntegerType,
fehngs1irfmind IntegerType,
fehngs1irfmunc IntegerType,
loggcai1irfm IntegerType,
loggcai1irfmind IntegerType,
loggcai1irfmunc IntegerType,
fehcaiik1irfm IntegerType,
fehcaiik1irfmind IntegerType,
fehcaiik1irfmunc IntegerType,
);