Create TABLE stellarmasspcawiscm11 (
specobjid StringType,
plate StringType,
fiberid StringType,
mjd StringType,
ra StringType,
dec StringType,
z StringType,
zerr StringType,
znum StringType,
mstellar_median StringType,
mstellar_err StringType,
mstellar_p2p5 StringType,
mstellar_p16 StringType,
mstellar_p84 StringType,
mstellar_p97p5 StringType,
vdisp_median StringType,
vdisp_err StringType,
vdisp_p2p5 StringType,
vdisp_p16 StringType,
vdisp_p84 StringType,
vdisp_p97p5 StringType,
calpha_0 StringType,
calpha_1 StringType,
calpha_2 StringType,
calpha_3 StringType,
calpha_4 StringType,
calpha_5 StringType,
calpha_6 StringType,
calpha_norm StringType,
warning StringType,
);