Create TABLE stellarmassfspsgranearlynodust (
specobjid StringType,
plate StringType,
fiberid StringType,
mjd StringType,
ra StringType,
dec StringType,
z StringType,
z_err StringType,
ke_u StringType,
ke_g StringType,
ke_r StringType,
ke_i StringType,
ke_z StringType,
cmodelabsmag_u StringType,
cmodelabsmag_g StringType,
cmodelabsmag_r StringType,
cmodelabsmag_i StringType,
cmodelabsmag_z StringType,
m2l_u StringType,
m2l_g StringType,
m2l_r StringType,
m2l_i StringType,
m2l_z StringType,
m2l_median_u StringType,
m2l_median_g StringType,
m2l_median_r StringType,
m2l_median_i StringType,
m2l_median_z StringType,
m2l_err_u StringType,
m2l_err_g StringType,
m2l_err_r StringType,
m2l_err_i StringType,
m2l_err_z StringType,
m2l_min_u StringType,
m2l_min_g StringType,
m2l_min_r StringType,
m2l_min_i StringType,
m2l_min_z StringType,
m2l_max_u StringType,
m2l_max_g StringType,
m2l_max_r StringType,
m2l_max_i StringType,
m2l_max_z StringType,
logmass StringType,
logmass_median StringType,
logmass_err StringType,
logmass_min StringType,
logmass_max StringType,
chi2 StringType,
nfilter StringType,
t_age StringType,
t_age_mean StringType,
t_age_err StringType,
t_age_min StringType,
t_age_max StringType,
metallicity StringType,
metallicity_mean StringType,
metallicity_err StringType,
metallicity_min StringType,
metallicity_max StringType,
dust1 StringType,
dust1_mean StringType,
dust1_err StringType,
dust1_min StringType,
dust1_max StringType,
dust2 StringType,
dust2_mean StringType,
dust2_err StringType,
dust2_min StringType,
dust2_max StringType,
tau StringType,
tau_mean StringType,
tau_err StringType,
tau_min StringType,
tau_max StringType,
age StringType,
age_mean StringType,
age_min StringType,
age_max StringType,
ssfr StringType,
ssfr_mean StringType,
ssfr_min StringType,
ssfr_max StringType,
);