Create TABLE stellarmassfspsgranwidedust (
specobjid LongType,
plate IntegerType,
fiberid IntegerType,
mjd IntegerType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
z DoubleType,
z_err DoubleType,
ke_u DoubleType,
ke_g DoubleType,
ke_r DoubleType,
ke_i DoubleType,
ke_z DoubleType,
cmodelabsmag_u DoubleType,
cmodelabsmag_g DoubleType,
cmodelabsmag_r DoubleType,
cmodelabsmag_i DoubleType,
cmodelabsmag_z DoubleType,
m2l_u DoubleType,
m2l_g DoubleType,
m2l_r DoubleType,
m2l_i DoubleType,
m2l_z DoubleType,
m2l_median_u DoubleType,
m2l_median_g DoubleType,
m2l_median_r DoubleType,
m2l_median_i DoubleType,
m2l_median_z DoubleType,
m2l_err_u DoubleType,
m2l_err_g DoubleType,
m2l_err_r DoubleType,
m2l_err_i DoubleType,
m2l_err_z DoubleType,
m2l_min_u DoubleType,
m2l_min_g DoubleType,
m2l_min_r DoubleType,
m2l_min_i DoubleType,
m2l_min_z DoubleType,
m2l_max_u DoubleType,
m2l_max_g DoubleType,
m2l_max_r DoubleType,
m2l_max_i DoubleType,
m2l_max_z DoubleType,
logmass DoubleType,
logmass_median DoubleType,
logmass_err DoubleType,
logmass_min DoubleType,
logmass_max DoubleType,
chi2 DoubleType,
nfilter IntegerType,
t_age DoubleType,
t_age_mean DoubleType,
t_age_err DoubleType,
t_age_min DoubleType,
t_age_max DoubleType,
metallicity DoubleType,
metallicity_mean DoubleType,
metallicity_err DoubleType,
metallicity_min DoubleType,
metallicity_max DoubleType,
dust1 DoubleType,
dust1_mean DoubleType,
dust1_err DoubleType,
dust1_min DoubleType,
dust1_max DoubleType,
dust2 DoubleType,
dust2_mean DoubleType,
dust2_err DoubleType,
dust2_min DoubleType,
dust2_max DoubleType,
tau DoubleType,
tau_mean DoubleType,
tau_err DoubleType,
tau_min DoubleType,
tau_max DoubleType,
age DoubleType,
age_mean DoubleType,
age_min DoubleType,
age_max DoubleType,
ssfr DoubleType,
ssfr_mean DoubleType,
ssfr_min DoubleType,
ssfr_max DoubleType,
);