Create TABLE twomassxsc (
objid StringType,
tmassxsc_ra StringType,
tmassxsc_dec StringType,
jdate StringType,
designation StringType,
sup_ra StringType,
sup_dec StringType,
density StringType,
r_k20fe StringType,
j_m_k20fe StringType,
j_msig_k20fe StringType,
j_flg_k20fe StringType,
h_m_k20fe StringType,
h_msig_k20fe StringType,
h_flg_k20fe StringType,
k_m_k20fe StringType,
k_msig_k20fe StringType,
k_flg_k20fe StringType,
r_3sig StringType,
j_ba StringType,
j_phi StringType,
h_ba StringType,
h_phi StringType,
k_ba StringType,
k_phi StringType,
sup_r_3sig StringType,
sup_ba StringType,
sup_phi StringType,
r_fe StringType,
j_m_fe StringType,
j_msig_fe StringType,
j_flg_fe StringType,
h_m_fe StringType,
h_msig_fe StringType,
h_flg_fe StringType,
k_m_fe StringType,
k_msig_fe StringType,
k_flg_fe StringType,
r_ext StringType,
j_m_ext StringType,
j_msig_ext StringType,
j_pchi StringType,
h_m_ext StringType,
h_msig_ext StringType,
h_pchi StringType,
k_m_ext StringType,
k_msig_ext StringType,
k_pchi StringType,
j_r_eff StringType,
j_mnsurfb_eff StringType,
h_r_eff StringType,
h_mnsurfb_eff StringType,
k_r_eff StringType,
k_mnsurfb_eff StringType,
j_con_indx StringType,
h_con_indx StringType,
k_con_indx StringType,
j_peak StringType,
h_peak StringType,
k_peak StringType,
j_5surf StringType,
h_5surf StringType,
k_5surf StringType,
e_score StringType,
g_score StringType,
vc StringType,
cc_flg StringType,
im_nx StringType,
r_k20fc StringType,
j_m_k20fc StringType,
j_msig_k20fc StringType,
j_flg_k20fc StringType,
h_m_k20fc StringType,
h_msig_k20fc StringType,
h_flg_k20fc StringType,
k_m_k20fc StringType,
k_msig_k20fc StringType,
k_flg_k20fc StringType,
j_r_e StringType,
j_m_e StringType,
j_msig_e StringType,
j_flg_e StringType,
h_r_e StringType,
h_m_e StringType,
h_msig_e StringType,
h_flg_e StringType,
k_r_e StringType,
k_m_e StringType,
k_msig_e StringType,
k_flg_e StringType,
j_r_c StringType,
j_m_c StringType,
j_msig_c StringType,
j_flg_c StringType,
h_r_c StringType,
h_m_c StringType,
h_msig_c StringType,
h_flg_c StringType,
k_r_c StringType,
k_m_c StringType,
k_msig_c StringType,
k_flg_c StringType,
r_fc StringType,
j_m_fc StringType,
j_msig_fc StringType,
j_flg_fc StringType,
h_m_fc StringType,
h_msig_fc StringType,
h_flg_fc StringType,
k_m_fc StringType,
k_msig_fc StringType,
k_flg_fc StringType,
j_r_i20e StringType,
j_m_i20e StringType,
j_msig_i20e StringType,
j_flg_i20e StringType,
h_r_i20e StringType,
h_m_i20e StringType,
h_msig_i20e StringType,
h_flg_i20e StringType,
k_r_i20e StringType,
k_m_i20e StringType,
k_msig_i20e StringType,
k_flg_i20e StringType,
j_r_i20c StringType,
j_m_i20c StringType,
j_msig_i20c StringType,
j_flg_i20c StringType,
h_r_i20c StringType,
h_m_i20c StringType,
h_msig_i20c StringType,
h_flg_i20c StringType,
k_r_i20c StringType,
k_m_i20c StringType,
k_msig_i20c StringType,
k_flg_i20c StringType,
j_r_i21e StringType,
j_m_i21e StringType,
j_msig_i21e StringType,
j_flg_i21e StringType,
h_r_i21e StringType,
h_m_i21e StringType,
h_msig_i21e StringType,
h_flg_i21e StringType,
k_r_i21e StringType,
k_m_i21e StringType,
k_msig_i21e StringType,
k_flg_i21e StringType,
r_j21fe StringType,
j_m_j21fe StringType,
j_msig_j21fe StringType,
j_flg_j21fe StringType,
h_m_j21fe StringType,
h_msig_j21fe StringType,
h_flg_j21fe StringType,
k_m_j21fe StringType,
k_msig_j21fe StringType,
k_flg_j21fe StringType,
j_r_i21c StringType,
j_m_i21c StringType,
j_msig_i21c StringType,
j_flg_i21c StringType,
h_r_i21c StringType,
h_m_i21c StringType,
h_msig_i21c StringType,
h_flg_i21c StringType,
k_r_i21c StringType,
k_m_i21c StringType,
k_msig_i21c StringType,
k_flg_i21c StringType,
r_j21fc StringType,
j_m_j21fc StringType,
j_msig_j21fc StringType,
j_flg_j21fc StringType,
h_m_j21fc StringType,
h_msig_j21fc StringType,
h_flg_j21fc StringType,
k_m_j21fc StringType,
k_msig_j21fc StringType,
k_flg_j21fc StringType,
j_m_sys StringType,
j_msig_sys StringType,
h_m_sys StringType,
h_msig_sys StringType,
k_m_sys StringType,
k_msig_sys StringType,
sys_flg StringType,
contam_flg StringType,
j_5sig_ba StringType,
j_5sig_phi StringType,
h_5sig_ba StringType,
h_5sig_phi StringType,
k_5sig_ba StringType,
k_5sig_phi StringType,
j_d_area StringType,
j_perc_darea StringType,
h_d_area StringType,
h_perc_darea StringType,
k_d_area StringType,
k_perc_darea StringType,
j_bisym_rat StringType,
j_bisym_chi StringType,
h_bisym_rat StringType,
h_bisym_chi StringType,
k_bisym_rat StringType,
k_bisym_chi StringType,
j_sh0 StringType,
j_sig_sh0 StringType,
h_sh0 StringType,
h_sig_sh0 StringType,
k_sh0 StringType,
k_sig_sh0 StringType,
j_sc_mxdn StringType,
j_sc_sh StringType,
j_sc_wsh StringType,
j_sc_r23 StringType,
j_sc_1mm StringType,
j_sc_2mm StringType,
j_sc_vint StringType,
j_sc_r1 StringType,
j_sc_msh StringType,
h_sc_mxdn StringType,
h_sc_sh StringType,
h_sc_wsh StringType,
h_sc_r23 StringType,
h_sc_1mm StringType,
h_sc_2mm StringType,
h_sc_vint StringType,
h_sc_r1 StringType,
h_sc_msh StringType,
k_sc_mxdn StringType,
k_sc_sh StringType,
k_sc_wsh StringType,
k_sc_r23 StringType,
k_sc_1mm StringType,
k_sc_2mm StringType,
k_sc_vint StringType,
k_sc_r1 StringType,
k_sc_msh StringType,
j_chif_ellf StringType,
k_chif_ellf StringType,
ellfit_flg StringType,
sup_chif_ellf StringType,
n_blank StringType,
n_sub StringType,
bl_sub_flg StringType,
id_flg StringType,
id_cat StringType,
fg_flg StringType,
blk_fac StringType,
dup_src StringType,
use_src StringType,
prox StringType,
pxpa StringType,
pxcntr StringType,
dist_edge_ns StringType,
dist_edge_ew StringType,
dist_edge_flg StringType,
pts_key StringType,
mp_key StringType,
night_key StringType,
scan_key StringType,
coadd_key StringType,
hemis StringType,
date StringType,
scan StringType,
coadd StringType,
x_coadd StringType,
y_coadd StringType,
j_subst2 StringType,
h_subst2 StringType,
k_subst2 StringType,
j_back StringType,
h_back StringType,
k_back StringType,
j_resid_ann StringType,
h_resid_ann StringType,
k_resid_ann StringType,
j_bndg_per StringType,
j_bndg_amp StringType,
h_bndg_per StringType,
h_bndg_amp StringType,
k_bndg_per StringType,
k_bndg_amp StringType,
j_seetrack StringType,
h_seetrack StringType,
k_seetrack StringType,
ext_key StringType,
tmassxsc_id StringType,
j_m_5 StringType,
j_msig_5 StringType,
j_flg_5 StringType,
j_m_7 StringType,
j_msig_7 StringType,
j_flg_7 StringType,
j_m_10 StringType,
j_msig_10 StringType,
j_flg_10 StringType,
j_m_15 StringType,
j_msig_15 StringType,
j_flg_15 StringType,
j_m_20 StringType,
j_msig_20 StringType,
j_flg_20 StringType,
j_m_25 StringType,
j_msig_25 StringType,
j_flg_25 StringType,
j_m_30 StringType,
j_msig_30 StringType,
j_flg_30 StringType,
j_m_40 StringType,
j_msig_40 StringType,
j_flg_40 StringType,
j_m_50 StringType,
j_msig_50 StringType,
j_flg_50 StringType,
j_m_60 StringType,
j_msig_60 StringType,
j_flg_60 StringType,
j_m_70 StringType,
j_msig_70 StringType,
j_flg_70 StringType,
h_m_5 StringType,
h_msig_5 StringType,
h_flg_5 StringType,
h_m_7 StringType,
h_msig_7 StringType,
h_flg_7 StringType,
h_m_10 StringType,
h_msig_10 StringType,
h_flg_10 StringType,
h_m_15 StringType,
h_msig_15 StringType,
h_flg_15 StringType,
h_m_20 StringType,
h_msig_20 StringType,
h_flg_20 StringType,
h_m_25 StringType,
h_msig_25 StringType,
h_flg_25 StringType,
h_m_30 StringType,
h_msig_30 StringType,
h_flg_30 StringType,
h_m_40 StringType,
h_msig_40 StringType,
h_flg_40 StringType,
h_m_50 StringType,
h_msig_50 StringType,
h_flg_50 StringType,
h_m_60 StringType,
h_msig_60 StringType,
h_flg_60 StringType,
h_m_70 StringType,
h_msig_70 StringType,
h_flg_70 StringType,
k_m_5 StringType,
k_msig_5 StringType,
k_flg_5 StringType,
k_m_7 StringType,
k_msig_7 StringType,
k_flg_7 StringType,
k_m_10 StringType,
k_msig_10 StringType,
k_flg_10 StringType,
k_m_15 StringType,
k_msig_15 StringType,
k_flg_15 StringType,
k_m_20 StringType,
k_msig_20 StringType,
k_flg_20 StringType,
k_m_25 StringType,
k_msig_25 StringType,
k_flg_25 StringType,
k_m_30 StringType,
k_msig_30 StringType,
k_flg_30 StringType,
k_m_40 StringType,
k_msig_40 StringType,
k_flg_40 StringType,
k_m_50 StringType,
k_msig_50 StringType,
k_flg_50 StringType,
k_m_60 StringType,
k_msig_60 StringType,
k_flg_60 StringType,
k_m_70 StringType,
k_msig_70 StringType,
k_flg_70 StringType,
);