Create TABLE wise_allsky (
cntr LongType,
ra DoubleType,
dec DoubleType,
sigra DoubleType,
sigdec DoubleType,
sigradec DoubleType,
wx DoubleType,
wy DoubleType,
coadd_id StringType,
src IntegerType,
rchi2 DoubleType,
xsc_prox DoubleType,
tmass_key IntegerType,
r_2mass DoubleType,
pa_2mass DoubleType,
n_2mass IntegerType,
j_m_2mass DoubleType,
j_msig_2mass DoubleType,
h_m_2mass DoubleType,
h_msig_2mass DoubleType,
k_m_2mass DoubleType,
k_msig_2mass DoubleType,
rho12 IntegerType,
rho23 IntegerType,
rho34 IntegerType,
q12 IntegerType,
q23 IntegerType,
q34 IntegerType,
blend_ext_flags IntegerType,
w1mpro DoubleType,
w1sigmpro DoubleType,
w1snr DoubleType,
w1rchi2 DoubleType,
w1sat DoubleType,
w1nm IntegerType,
w1m IntegerType,
w1cov DoubleType,
w1frtr IntegerType,
w1flux DoubleType,
w1sigflux DoubleType,
w1sky DoubleType,
w1sigsky DoubleType,
w1conf DoubleType,
w1mag DoubleType,
w1sigmag DoubleType,
w1mcor DoubleType,
w1magp DoubleType,
w1sigp1 DoubleType,
w1sigp2 DoubleType,
w1dmag DoubleType,
w1mjdmin DoubleType,
w1mjdmax DoubleType,
w1mjdmean DoubleType,
w1rsemi DoubleType,
w1ba DoubleType,
w1pa IntegerType,
w1gmag DoubleType,
w1siggmag DoubleType,
w1flg IntegerType,
w1gflg IntegerType,
ph_qual_det1 IntegerType,
w1ndf IntegerType,
w1mlq IntegerType,
w1cc_map IntegerType,
var_flg1 IntegerType,
moon_lev1 IntegerType,
satnum1 IntegerType,
w2mpro DoubleType,
w2sigmpro DoubleType,
w2snr DoubleType,
w2rchi2 DoubleType,
w2sat DoubleType,
w2nm IntegerType,
w2m IntegerType,
w2cov DoubleType,
w2frtr IntegerType,
w2flux DoubleType,
w2sigflux DoubleType,
w2sky DoubleType,
w2sigsky DoubleType,
w2conf DoubleType,
w2mag DoubleType,
w2sigmag DoubleType,
w2mcor DoubleType,
w2magp DoubleType,
w2sigp1 DoubleType,
w2sigp2 DoubleType,
w2dmag DoubleType,
w2mjdmin DoubleType,
w2mjdmax DoubleType,
w2mjdmean DoubleType,
w2rsemi DoubleType,
w2ba DoubleType,
w2pa IntegerType,
w2gmag DoubleType,
w2siggmag DoubleType,
w2flg IntegerType,
w2gflg IntegerType,
ph_qual_det2 IntegerType,
w2ndf IntegerType,
w2mlq IntegerType,
w2cc_map IntegerType,
var_flg2 IntegerType,
moon_lev2 IntegerType,
satnum2 IntegerType,
w3mpro DoubleType,
w3sigmpro DoubleType,
w3snr DoubleType,
w3rchi2 DoubleType,
w3sat IntegerType,
w3nm IntegerType,
w3m IntegerType,
w3cov DoubleType,
w3frtr IntegerType,
w3flux DoubleType,
w3sigflux DoubleType,
w3sky DoubleType,
w3sigsky DoubleType,
w3conf DoubleType,
w3mag DoubleType,
w3sigmag DoubleType,
w3mcor DoubleType,
w3magp DoubleType,
w3sigp1 DoubleType,
w3sigp2 DoubleType,
w3dmag DoubleType,
w3mjdmin DoubleType,
w3mjdmax DoubleType,
w3mjdmean DoubleType,
w3rsemi DoubleType,
w3ba DoubleType,
w3pa IntegerType,
w3gmag DoubleType,
w3siggmag DoubleType,
w3flg IntegerType,
w3gflg IntegerType,
ph_qual_det3 IntegerType,
w3ndf IntegerType,
w3mlq IntegerType,
w3cc_map IntegerType,
var_flg3 IntegerType,
moon_lev3 IntegerType,
satnum3 IntegerType,
w4mpro DoubleType,
w4sigmpro DoubleType,
w4snr DoubleType,
w4rchi2 DoubleType,
w4sat DoubleType,
w4nm IntegerType,
w4m IntegerType,
w4cov DoubleType,
w4frtr IntegerType,
w4flux DoubleType,
w4sigflux DoubleType,
w4sky DoubleType,
w4sigsky DoubleType,
w4conf DoubleType,
w4mag DoubleType,
w4sigmag DoubleType,
w4mcor DoubleType,
w4magp DoubleType,
w4sigp1 DoubleType,
w4sigp2 DoubleType,
w4dmag DoubleType,
w4mjdmin DoubleType,
w4mjdmax DoubleType,
w4mjdmean DoubleType,
w4rsemi DoubleType,
w4ba DoubleType,
w4pa IntegerType,
w4gmag DoubleType,
w4siggmag DoubleType,
w4flg IntegerType,
w4gflg IntegerType,
ph_qual_det4 IntegerType,
w4ndf IntegerType,
w4mlq IntegerType,
w4cc_map IntegerType,
var_flg4 IntegerType,
moon_lev4 IntegerType,
satnum4 IntegerType,
w1mag_1 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_1 DoubleType,
w1flg_1 IntegerType,
w1mag_2 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_2 DoubleType,
w1flg_2 IntegerType,
w1mag_3 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_3 DoubleType,
w1flg_3 IntegerType,
w1mag_4 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_4 DoubleType,
w1flg_4 IntegerType,
w1mag_5 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_5 DoubleType,
w1flg_5 IntegerType,
w1mag_6 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_6 DoubleType,
w1flg_6 IntegerType,
w1mag_7 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_7 DoubleType,
w1flg_7 IntegerType,
w1mag_8 DoubleType,
w1sigmag_8 DoubleType,
w1flg_8 IntegerType,
w2mag_1 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_1 DoubleType,
w2flg_1 IntegerType,
w2mag_2 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_2 DoubleType,
w2flg_2 IntegerType,
w2mag_3 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_3 DoubleType,
w2flg_3 IntegerType,
w2mag_4 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_4 DoubleType,
w2flg_4 IntegerType,
w2mag_5 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_5 DoubleType,
w2flg_5 IntegerType,
w2mag_6 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_6 DoubleType,
w2flg_6 IntegerType,
w2mag_7 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_7 DoubleType,
w2flg_7 IntegerType,
w2mag_8 DoubleType,
w2sigmag_8 DoubleType,
w2flg_8 IntegerType,
w3mag_1 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_1 DoubleType,
w3flg_1 IntegerType,
w3mag_2 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_2 DoubleType,
w3flg_2 IntegerType,
w3mag_3 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_3 DoubleType,
w3flg_3 IntegerType,
w3mag_4 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_4 DoubleType,
w3flg_4 IntegerType,
w3mag_5 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_5 DoubleType,
w3flg_5 IntegerType,
w3mag_6 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_6 DoubleType,
w3flg_6 IntegerType,
w3mag_7 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_7 DoubleType,
w3flg_7 IntegerType,
w3mag_8 DoubleType,
w3sigmag_8 DoubleType,
w3flg_8 IntegerType,
w4mag_1 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_1 DoubleType,
w4flg_1 IntegerType,
w4mag_2 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_2 DoubleType,
w4flg_2 IntegerType,
w4mag_3 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_3 DoubleType,
w4flg_3 IntegerType,
w4mag_4 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_4 DoubleType,
w4flg_4 IntegerType,
w4mag_5 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_5 DoubleType,
w4flg_5 IntegerType,
w4mag_6 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_6 DoubleType,
w4flg_6 IntegerType,
w4mag_7 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_7 DoubleType,
w4flg_7 IntegerType,
w4mag_8 DoubleType,
w4sigmag_8 DoubleType,
w4flg_8 IntegerType,
glat DoubleType,
glon DoubleType,
rjce DoubleType,
);